Update FAQ: AWS Account ID for EventBridge destination (#5249)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/amazon-eventbridge/index.md

We'll forward all the messages in the source (pending any Destination Filters you've enabled) to the Segment Partner Event Source we create for you in EventBridge.

> info "Create a separate Segment source for testing"

> > We recommend that you create a separate Segment source for testing if you use a test Account ID, because you cannot change the test Account ID to a production Account ID at a later date. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Segment recommends that you create a separate Segment source for testing if you use a test Account ID, because you cannot change the test Account ID to a production Account ID at a later date. 
```

});
```

## FAQs

### Can I change my AWS Account ID?
You are only able to configure one AWS Account ID per source. Once you've configured your Amazon EventBridge destination with an AWS Account ID, it is not possible to modify it. If you do need to change the AWS Account ID for any reason, you will need to create a new Segment source and configure a new destination.

> As an alternative, you can use a [Repeater destination](https://segment-docs.netlify.app/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/repeater/) to your existing source, which will repeat the events through the new source you create. This new source can then be connected to a new EventBridge destination which can be configured with a new Account ID in the settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, you can use a [Repeater destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/repeater/) to your existing source, which repeats the events through the new source you create. This new source can then be connected to a new EventBridge destination which can be configured with a new Account ID in the settings. 
```
